the question that I wish I would have asked earlier earlier. Um, that
was a really big surprise to me. Is the difference between the different
ranks? Um, you have pity officers, then you have chiefs, and then
you have officers and, um, they're split by whether you have a bachelor's
degree and whether you've been commissioned. And I didn't really
understand that critical piece until, like, well, in tow. After
the time that I joined the join the service, um, for instance, people
were being called Chiefs and Master Chiefs while I was in boot camp.
They were saying, Well, you know, like if we don't do these certain
things, there's certain things that, um, things first class is
gonna make a chief and I didn't really understand, Like how you were
supposed to be promoted along the lines of the military. Um, being
a kid, I just thought, all right, your private I knew what that was,
and I heard that there was an admiral and I knew what that was. And
I thought you just joined. And then you just stay in. You get better
and better and better at your job, and then you're finally you know
an admiral or something. I had no idea about the rank structure. But
now I know that separated by, um books and learning and degrees and
evaluation marks and awards Eso I wish that would have been, uh,
clarified even before I joined the service. Um eh, so that I could have
a better idea of the structure of what I'm getting into.